# Build Infrastructure 

xxx

> Start creating some infrastructure.

## Overview

With Terraform installed, let's dive right into it and start creating some
infrastructure.

We'll build infrastructure on [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) for the getting
started guide since it is popular and generally understood, but Terraform can
[manage many providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html),
including multiple providers in a single configuration. 

Some examples of this are in the [use cases
section](https://www.terraform.io/intro/use-cases.html).

If you don't have an AWS account, [create one
now](https://aws.amazon.com/free/). For the getting started guide, we'll only
be using resources which qualify under the AWS
[free-tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/), meaning it will be free. If you
already have an AWS account, you may be charged some amount of money, but it
shouldn't be more than a few dollars at most.

:warning: **Warning!** If you're not using an account that qualifies under the
AWS [free-tier](https://aws.amazon.com/free/), you may be charged to run these
examples. The most you should be charged should only be a few dollars, but
we're not responsible for any charges that may incur.

## Configuration

The set of files used to describe infrastructure in Terraform is known as a
Terraform _configuration_. You'll write your first configuration now to launch
a single AWS EC2 instance.

A configuration should be in its own directory. Create a directory for the new
configuration.

    $ mkdir learn-terraform-aws-instance
    
Change into the directory.

    $ cd learn-terraform-aws-instance
    
Create a file for the configuration code.

    $ touch example.tf

The format of the configuration files is [documented
here](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/index.html).

Paste the configuration below into `example.tf` and save it. Later in the
guide when you run Terraform, it will load all files in the working directory
that end in `.tf`.

    provider "aws" {
      profile    = "default"
      region     = "us-east-1"
    }
    
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ami           = "ami-2757f631"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
    }
    
**Note**: The above configuration is designed to work on most EC2 instances
with access to a default VPC. If your configuration fails to apply, refer to
the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section at the bottom of this guide.

The `profile` attribute here refers to the AWS Config File in
`~/.aws/credentials` on MacOS and Linux or `%UserProfile%\.aws\credentials` on
a Windows system. It is HashiCorp recommended practice that credentials
_never_ be hardcoded into `*.tf` configuration files. We are explicitly
defining the `default` AWS config profile here to illustrate how Terraform
accesses sensitive credentials.

To verify an AWS profile and ensure Terraform has correct provider
credentials, install the [AWS
CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html)
and run `aws configure`. The AWS CLI will then verify and save your AWS Access
Key ID and Secret Access Key. Those credentials are found on [this
page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home?#security_credential).

**Note**: If you leave out your AWS credentials, Terraform will automatically
search for saved API credentials (for example, in `~/.aws/credentials`) or IAM
instance profile credentials. This option is much cleaner for situations where
tf files are checked into source control or where there is more than one admin
user. See details
[here](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/terraform-beyond-the-basics-with-aws/).
Leaving IAM credentials out of the Terraform configs allows you to leave those
credentials out of source control, and also use different IAM credentials for
each user without having to modify the configuration files.

This is a complete configuration that Terraform is ready to apply.

## Providers

The `provider` block is used to configure the named provider, in our case
"aws". A provider is responsible for creating and managing resources. A
provider is a plugin that Terraform uses to translate the API interactions
with the service. A provider is responsible for understanding API interactions
and exposing resources. Because Terraform can interact with any API, almost
any infrastructure type can be represented as a resource in Terraform.

Multiple provider blocks can exist if a Terraform configuration manages
resources from different providers. You can even use multiple providers
together. For example you could pass the ID of an AWS instance to a monitoring
resource from DataDog.

## Resources

The `resource` block defines a piece of infrastructure. A resource might be a
physical component such as an EC2 instance, or it can be a logical resource
such as a Heroku application.

The resource block has two strings before the block: the resource type and the
resource name. In the example, the resource type is "aws\_instance" and the
name is "example." The prefix of the type maps to the provider. In our case
"aws\_instance" automatically tells Terraform that it is managed by the "aws"
provider.

The arguments for the resource are within the resource block. The arguments
could be things like machine sizes, disk image names, or VPC IDs. Our
[providers reference](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html)
documents the required and optional arguments for each resource provider. For
your EC2 instance, you specified an AMI for Ubuntu, and requested a "t2.micro"
instance so you qualify under the free tier.

## Initialization

The first command to run for a new configuration -- or after checking out an
existing configuration from version control -- is `terraform init`. Subsequent
commands will use local settings and data that are initialized by `terraform
init`.

Terraform uses a plugin-based architecture to support hundreds of
infrastructure and service providers. The `terraform init` command downloads
and installs providers used within the configuration, which in this case is
the `aws` provider.

    $ terraform init
    Initializing the backend...
    
    Initializing provider plugins...
    - Checking for available provider plugins...
    - Downloading plugin for provider "aws" (terraform-providers/aws) 2.10.0...
    
    The following providers do not have any version constraints in configuration,
    so the latest version was installed.
    
    To prevent automatic upgrades to new major versions that may contain breaking
    changes, it is recommended to add version = "..." constraints to the
    corresponding provider blocks in configuration, with the constraint strings
    suggested below.
    
    * provider.aws: version = "~> 2.10"
    
    Terraform has been successfully initialized!
    
    You may now begin working with Terraform. Try running "terraform plan" to see
    any changes that are required for your infrastructure. All Terraform commands
    should now work.
    
    If you ever set or change modules or backend configuration for Terraform,
    rerun this command to reinitialize your working directory. If you forget, other
    commands will detect it and remind you to do so if necessary.
    
Terraform downloads the `aws` provider and installs it in a hidden subdirectory
of the current working directory.

The output shows which version of the plugin was installed.

## Formatting and Validating Configurations

To follow style conventions, we recommend language consistency between files
and modules written by different teams. The `terraform fmt` command enables
standardization which automatically updates configurations in the current
directory for easy readability and consistency.

If you are copying configuration snippets or just want to make sure your
configuration is syntactically valid and internally consistent, the built in
`terraform validate` command will check and report errors within modules,
attribute names, and value types.

## Apply Changes

**Note:** The commands shown in this guide apply to Terraform 0.11 and above.
Earlier versions require using the `terraform plan` command to see the
execution plan before applying it. Use `terraform version` to confirm your
running version.

In the same directory as the `example.tf` file you created, run `terraform
apply`. You should see output similar to below, though we've truncated some of
the output to save space.

    $ terraform apply
    # ...
    
    An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
    Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
      + create
    
    Terraform will perform the following actions:
    
      # aws_instance.example will be created
      + resource "aws_instance" "example" {
          + ami                          = "ami-2757f631"
          + arn                          = (known after apply)
          + associate_public_ip_address  = (known after apply)
          + availability_zone            = (known after apply)
          + cpu_core_count               = (known after apply)
          + cpu_threads_per_core         = (known after apply)
          + get_password_data            = false
          + host_id                      = (known after apply)
          + id                           = (known after apply)
          + instance_state               = (known after apply)
          + instance_type                = "t2.micro"
          + ipv6_address_count           = (known after apply)
          + ipv6_addresses               = (known after apply)
          + key_name                     = (known after apply)
          + network_interface_id         = (known after apply)
          + password_data                = (known after apply)
          + placement_group              = (known after apply)
          + primary_network_interface_id = (known after apply)
          + private_dns                  = (known after apply)
          + private_ip                   = (known after apply)
          + public_dns                   = (known after apply)
          + public_ip                    = (known after apply)
          + security_groups              = (known after apply)
          + source_dest_check            = true
          + subnet_id                    = (known after apply)
          + tenancy                      = (known after apply)
          + volume_tags                  = (known after apply)
          + vpc_security_group_ids       = (known after apply)
    
          + ebs_block_device {
              + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
              + device_name           = (known after apply)
              + encrypted             = (known after apply)
              + iops                  = (known after apply)
              + snapshot_id           = (known after apply)
              + volume_id             = (known after apply)
              + volume_size           = (known after apply)
              + volume_type           = (known after apply)
            }
    
          + ephemeral_block_device {
              + device_name  = (known after apply)
              + no_device    = (known after apply)
              + virtual_name = (known after apply)
            }
    
          + network_interface {
              + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
              + device_index          = (known after apply)
              + network_interface_id  = (known after apply)
            }
    
          + root_block_device {
              + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
              + iops                  = (known after apply)
              + volume_id             = (known after apply)
              + volume_size           = (known after apply)
              + volume_type           = (known after apply)
            }
        }
    
    Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
    
This output shows the _execution plan_, describing which actions Terraform will
take in order to change real infrastructure to match the configuration. The
output format is similar to the diff format generated by tools such as Git. The
output has a `+` next to `aws_instance.example`, meaning that Terraform will
create this resource. Beneath that, it shows the attributes that will be set.
When the value displayed is `(known after apply)`, it means that the value
won't be known until the resource is created.

If `terraform apply` failed with an error, read the error message and fix the
error that occurred. At this stage, it is likely to be a syntax error in the
configuration.

If the plan was created successfully, Terraform will now pause and wait for
approval before proceeding. If anything in the plan seems incorrect or
dangerous, it is safe to abort here with no changes made to your
infrastructure. In this case the plan looks acceptable, so type `yes` at the
confirmation prompt to proceed.

Executing the plan will take a few minutes since Terraform waits for the EC2
instance to become available.

    # ...
    aws_instance.example: Creating...
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [10s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Creation complete after 1m50s [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1]
    
    Apply complete! Resources: 1 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
    
After this, Terraform is all done! You can go to the EC2 console to see the
created EC2 instance. (Make sure you're looking at the same region that was
configured in the provider configuration!)

Terraform also wrote some data into the `terraform.tfstate` file. This state
file is extremely important; it keeps track of the IDs of created resources so
that Terraform knows what it is managing. This file must be saved and
distributed to anyone who might run Terraform. It is generally recommended to
[setup remote state](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/remote.html) when
working with Terraform, to share the state automatically, but this is not
necessary for simple situations like this Getting Started guide.

You can inspect the current state using `terraform show`.

    $ terraform show
    # aws_instance.example:
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
        ami                          = "ami-2757f631"
        arn                          = "arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:130490850807:instance/i-0bbf06244e44211d1"
        associate_public_ip_address  = true
        availability_zone            = "us-east-1c"
        cpu_core_count               = 1
        cpu_threads_per_core         = 1
        disable_api_termination      = false
        ebs_optimized                = false
        get_password_data            = false
        id                           = "i-0bbf06244e44211d1"
        instance_state               = "running"
        instance_type                = "t2.micro"
        ipv6_address_count           = 0
        ipv6_addresses               = []
        monitoring                   = false
        primary_network_interface_id = "eni-0f1ce5bdae258b015"
        private_dns                  = "ip-172-31-61-141.ec2.internal"
        private_ip                   = "172.31.61.141"
        public_dns                   = "ec2-54-166-19-244.compute-1.amazonaws.com"
        public_ip                    = "54.166.19.244"
        security_groups              = [
            "default",
        ]
        source_dest_check            = true
        subnet_id                    = "subnet-1facdf35"
        tenancy                      = "default"
        volume_tags                  = {}
        vpc_security_group_ids       = [
            "sg-5255f429",
        ]
    
        credit_specification {
            cpu_credits = "standard"
        }
    
        root_block_device {
            delete_on_termination = true
            iops                  = 100
            volume_id             = "vol-0079e485d9e28a8e5"
            volume_size           = 8
            volume_type           = "gp2"
        }
    }
    
You can see that by creating our resource, we've also gathered a lot of
information about it. These values can actually be referenced to configure
other resources or outputs, which will be covered later in the getting started
guide.

## Manually Managing State

Terraform has a built in command called `terraform state` which is used for
_advanced_ state management. In cases where a user would need to modify the
state file by finding resources in the `terraform.tfstate` file with `terraform
state list`. This will give us a list of resources as addresses and resource
IDs that we can then modify.

For more information about the `terraform state` command and subcommands for
moving or removing resources from state, see the [CLI state command
documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/state/index.html). This
is outside the core Terraform workflow, but is worth noting as you learn how
state is managed.

## Provisioning

The EC2 instance we launched at this point is based on the AMI given, but has
no additional software installed. If you're running an image-based
infrastructure (perhaps creating images with [Packer](https://www.packer.io/)),
then this is all you need.

However, many infrastructures still require some sort of initialization or
software provisioning step. Terraform supports provisioners, which we'll cover
a little bit later in the getting started guide, in order to do this.

## Troubleshooting

* **If you use a region other than `us-east-1`**, please use an [AMI
  specific](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/finding-an-ami.html#finding-quick-start-ami)
  to that region as AMI IDs are region specific.
* **If you do not have a default VPC in your AWS account in the `us-east-1`
  region**, create a new VPC in your VPC Dashboard in AWS. You will also need
  to associate a subnet and security group to that VPC. In your Terraform
  configuration, uncomment and modify the following two lines to your
  configuration for the rest of this track: `vpc_security_group_ids` (set as an
  array) and `subnet_id` with the corresponding information you just created.
  For more information, [review this
  document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/working-with-vpcs.html)
  from AWS on working with VPCs.## Change Infrastructure 

> Modify existing resources.

In the previous page, you created your first infrastructure with Terraform: a
single EC2 instance. In this page, we're going to modify that resource, and see
how Terraform handles change.

Infrastructure is continuously evolving, and Terraform was built to help manage
and enact that change. As you change Terraform configurations, Terraform builds
an execution plan that only modifies what is necessary to reach your desired
state.

By using Terraform to change infrastructure, you can version control not only
your configurations but also your state so you can see how the infrastructure
evolved over time.

## Configuration

Let's modify the `ami` of our instance. Edit the `aws_instance.example`
resource under your provider block in your configuration and change it to the
following:

```
provider "aws" {
  profile    = "default"
  region     = "us-east-1"
}

resource "aws_instance" "example" {
  ami           = "ami-b374d5a5"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
}
```    

**Note:** EC2 Classic users please use AMI `ami-656be372` and type `t1.micro`

We've changed the AMI from being an Ubuntu 16.04 LTS AMI to being an Ubuntu
16.10 AMI. Terraform configurations are meant to be changed like this. You can
also completely remove resources and Terraform will know to destroy the old
one.

## Apply Changes

After changing the configuration, run `terraform apply` again to see how
Terraform will apply this change to the existing resources.

    $ terraform apply

    aws_instance.example: Refreshing state... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1]

    An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
    Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
    -/+ destroy and then create replacement

    Terraform will perform the following actions:

     # aws_instance.example must be replaced
    -/+ resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ~ ami                          = "ami-2757f631" -> "ami-b374d5a5" # forces replacement
      ~ arn                          = "arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:130490850807:instance/i-0bbf06244e44211d1" -> (known after apply)
      ~ associate_public_ip_address  = true -> (known after apply)
      ~ availability_zone            = "us-east-1c" -> (known after apply)
      ~ cpu_core_count               = 1 -> (known after apply)
      ~ cpu_threads_per_core         = 1 -> (known after apply)
      - disable_api_termination      = false -> null
      - ebs_optimized                = false -> null
        get_password_data            = false
      + host_id                      = (known after apply)
      ~ id                           = "i-0bbf06244e44211d1" -> (known after apply)
      ~ instance_state               = "running" -> (known after apply)
        instance_type                = "t2.micro"
      ~ ipv6_address_count           = 0 -> (known after apply)
      ~ ipv6_addresses               = [] -> (known after apply)
      + key_name                     = (known after apply)
      - monitoring                   = false -> null
      + network_interface_id         = (known after apply)
      + password_data                = (known after apply)
      + placement_group              = (known after apply)
      ~ primary_network_interface_id = "eni-0f1ce5bdae258b015" -> (known after apply)
      ~ private_dns                  = "ip-172-31-61-141.ec2.internal" -> (known after apply)
      ~ private_ip                   = "172.31.61.141" -> (known after apply)
      ~ public_dns                   = "ec2-54-166-19-244.compute-1.amazonaws.com" -> (known after apply)
      ~ public_ip                    = "54.166.19.244" -> (known after apply)
      ~ security_groups              = [
          - "default",
        ] -> (known after apply)
        source_dest_check            = true
      ~ subnet_id                    = "subnet-1facdf35" -> (known after apply)
      ~ tenancy                      = "default" -> (known after apply)
      ~ volume_tags                  = {} -> (known after apply)
      ~ vpc_security_group_ids       = [
          - "sg-5255f429",
        ] -> (known after apply)

      - credit_specification {
          - cpu_credits = "standard" -> null
        }

      + ebs_block_device {
          + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
          + device_name           = (known after apply)
          + encrypted             = (known after apply)
          + iops                  = (known after apply)
          + snapshot_id           = (known after apply)
          + volume_id             = (known after apply)
          + volume_size           = (known after apply)
          + volume_type           = (known after apply)
        }

      + ephemeral_block_device {
          + device_name  = (known after apply)
          + no_device    = (known after apply)
          + virtual_name = (known after apply)
        }

      + network_interface {
          + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
          + device_index          = (known after apply)
          + network_interface_id  = (known after apply)
        }

      ~ root_block_device {
          ~ delete_on_termination = true -> (known after apply)
          ~ iops                  = 100 -> (known after apply)
          ~ volume_id             = "vol-0079e485d9e28a8e5" -> (known after apply)
          ~ volume_size           = 8 -> (known after apply)
          ~ volume_type           = "gp2" -> (known after apply)
        }
    }

    Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 1 to destroy.
    
The prefix `-/+` means that Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource,
rather than updating it in-place. While some attributes can be updated in-place
(which are shown with the `~` prefix), changing the AMI for an EC2 instance
requires recreating it. Terraform handles these details for you, and the
execution plan makes it clear what Terraform will do.

Additionally, the execution plan shows that the AMI change is what required
your resource to be replaced. Using this information, you can adjust your
changes to possibly avoid destroy/create updates if they are not acceptable in
some situations.

Once again, Terraform prompts for approval of the execution plan before
proceeding. Answer `yes` to execute the planned steps:

    aws_instance.example: Destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 10s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 20s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 30s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Destruction complete after 31s
    aws_instance.example: Creating...
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [10s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [20s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [30s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Creation complete after 38s [id=i-0589469dd150b453b]
    
    Apply complete! Resources: 1 added, 0 changed, 1 destroyed.

As indicated by the execution plan, Terraform first destroyed the existing
instance and then created a new one in its place. You can use `terraform show`
again to see the new values associated with this instance.# Change Infrastructure | Terraform - HashiCorp Learn

> Modify existing resources.

In the previous page, you created your first infrastructure with Terraform: a
single EC2 instance. In this page, we're going to modify that resource, and see
how Terraform handles change.

Infrastructure is continuously evolving, and Terraform was built to help manage
and enact that change. As you change Terraform configurations, Terraform builds
an execution plan that only modifies what is necessary to reach your desired
state.

By using Terraform to change infrastructure, you can version control not only
your configurations but also your state so you can see how the infrastructure
evolved over time.

## Configuration

Let's modify the `ami` of our instance. Edit the `aws_instance.example`
resource under your provider block in your configuration and change it to the
following:

```terraform
    provider "aws" {
      profile    = "default"
      region     = "us-east-1"
    }
    
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ami           = "ami-b374d5a5"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
    }
```

**Note:** EC2 Classic users please use AMI `ami-656be372` and type `t1.micro`

We've changed the AMI from being an Ubuntu 16.04 LTS AMI to being an Ubuntu
16.10 AMI. Terraform configurations are meant to be changed like this. You can
also completely remove resources and Terraform will know to destroy the old
one.

## Apply Changes

After changing the configuration, run `terraform apply` again to see how
Terraform will apply this change to the existing resources.

    $ terraform apply
    aws_instance.example: Refreshing state... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1]
    
    An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
    Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
    -/+ destroy and then create replacement
    
    Terraform will perform the following actions:
    
      # aws_instance.example must be replaced
    -/+ resource "aws_instance" "example" {
          ~ ami                          = "ami-2757f631" -> "ami-b374d5a5" # forces replacement
          ~ arn                          = "arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:130490850807:instance/i-0bbf06244e44211d1" -> (known after apply)
          ~ associate_public_ip_address  = true -> (known after apply)
          ~ availability_zone            = "us-east-1c" -> (known after apply)
          ~ cpu_core_count               = 1 -> (known after apply)
          ~ cpu_threads_per_core         = 1 -> (known after apply)
          - disable_api_termination      = false -> null
          - ebs_optimized                = false -> null
            get_password_data            = false
          + host_id                      = (known after apply)
          ~ id                           = "i-0bbf06244e44211d1" -> (known after apply)
          ~ instance_state               = "running" -> (known after apply)
            instance_type                = "t2.micro"
          ~ ipv6_address_count           = 0 -> (known after apply)
          ~ ipv6_addresses               = [] -> (known after apply)
          + key_name                     = (known after apply)
          - monitoring                   = false -> null
          + network_interface_id         = (known after apply)
          + password_data                = (known after apply)
          + placement_group              = (known after apply)
          ~ primary_network_interface_id = "eni-0f1ce5bdae258b015" -> (known after apply)
          ~ private_dns                  = "ip-172-31-61-141.ec2.internal" -> (known after apply)
          ~ private_ip                   = "172.31.61.141" -> (known after apply)
          ~ public_dns                   = "ec2-54-166-19-244.compute-1.amazonaws.com" -> (known after apply)
          ~ public_ip                    = "54.166.19.244" -> (known after apply)
          ~ security_groups              = [
              - "default",
            ] -> (known after apply)
            source_dest_check            = true
          ~ subnet_id                    = "subnet-1facdf35" -> (known after apply)
          ~ tenancy                      = "default" -> (known after apply)
          ~ volume_tags                  = {} -> (known after apply)
          ~ vpc_security_group_ids       = [
              - "sg-5255f429",
            ] -> (known after apply)
    
          - credit_specification {
              - cpu_credits = "standard" -> null
            }
    
          + ebs_block_device {
              + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
              + device_name           = (known after apply)
              + encrypted             = (known after apply)
              + iops                  = (known after apply)
              + snapshot_id           = (known after apply)
              + volume_id             = (known after apply)
              + volume_size           = (known after apply)
              + volume_type           = (known after apply)
            }
    
          + ephemeral_block_device {
              + device_name  = (known after apply)
              + no_device    = (known after apply)
              + virtual_name = (known after apply)
            }
    
          + network_interface {
              + delete_on_termination = (known after apply)
              + device_index          = (known after apply)
              + network_interface_id  = (known after apply)
            }
    
          ~ root_block_device {
              ~ delete_on_termination = true -> (known after apply)
              ~ iops                  = 100 -> (known after apply)
              ~ volume_id             = "vol-0079e485d9e28a8e5" -> (known after apply)
              ~ volume_size           = 8 -> (known after apply)
              ~ volume_type           = "gp2" -> (known after apply)
            }
        }
    
    Plan: 1 to add, 0 to change, 1 to destroy.
    

The prefix `-/+` means that Terraform will destroy and recreate the resource,
rather than updating it in-place. While some attributes can be updated in-place
(which are shown with the `~` prefix), changing the AMI for an EC2 instance
requires recreating it. Terraform handles these details for you, and the
execution plan makes it clear what Terraform will do.

Additionally, the execution plan shows that the AMI change is what required
your resource to be replaced. Using this information, you can adjust your
changes to possibly avoid destroy/create updates if they are not acceptable in
some situations.

Once again, Terraform prompts for approval of the execution plan before
proceeding. Answer `yes` to execute the planned steps:

    aws_instance.example: Destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 10s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 20s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still destroying... [id=i-0bbf06244e44211d1, 30s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Destruction complete after 31s
    aws_instance.example: Creating...
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [10s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [20s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Still creating... [30s elapsed]
    aws_instance.example: Creation complete after 38s [id=i-0589469dd150b453b]
    
    Apply complete! Resources: 1 added, 0 changed, 1 destroyed.
    
As indicated by the execution plan, Terraform first destroyed the existing instance and then created a new one in its place. You can use `terraform show` again to see the new values associated with this instance.> How to completely destroy the Terraform-managed infrastructure.

