# Destroy Infrastructure | Terraform - HashiCorp Learn

We've now seen how to build and change infrastructure. Before we move on to
creating multiple resources and showing resource dependencies, we're going to
go over how to completely destroy the Terraform-managed infrastructure.

Destroying your infrastructure is a rare event in production environments. But
if you're using Terraform to spin up multiple environments such as development,
test, QA environments, then destroying is a useful action.

## Destroy

The `terraform destroy` command terminates resources defined in your Terraform
configuration. This command is the reverse of `terraform apply` in that it
terminates all the resources specified by the configuration. It does _not_
destroy resources running elsewhere that are not described in the current
configuration.

    $ terraform destroy
    
    # ...
      # aws_instance.example will be destroyed
      - resource "aws_instance" "example" {
          - ami                          = "ami-b374d5a5" -> null
    # ...
    

The `-` prefix indicates that the instance will be destroyed. As with apply,
Terraform shows its execution plan and waits for approval before making any
changes.

Answer `yes` to execute this plan and destroy the infrastructure.

    # ...
    aws_instance.example: Destroying... [id=i-0589469dd150b453b]
    
    Destroy complete! Resources: 1 destroyed.
    # ...
    
Just like with `apply`, Terraform determines the order in which things must be
destroyed. In this case there was only one resource, so no ordering was
necessary. In more complicated cases with multiple resources, Terraform will
destroy them in a suitable order to respect dependencies, as we'll see later in
this guide.> Understanding and working with multiple resources and
dependencies.
