# Resource Dependencies | Terraform - HashiCorp Learn

In this page, we're going to introduce resource dependencies, where we'll not
only see a configuration with multiple resources for the first time, but also
scenarios where resource parameters use information from other resources.

Up to this point, our example has only contained a single resource. Real
infrastructure has a diverse set of resources and resource types. Terraform
configurations can contain multiple resources, multiple resource types, and
these types can even span multiple providers.

On this page, we'll show a basic example of multiple resources and how to
reference the attributes of other resources to configure subsequent resources.

## Prerequisites

You should have completed the previous guides in this track, or use the
following configuration to start this guide.

Create a directory named `learn-terraform-aws-instance` and paste this code
into a file named `example.tf`.

    provider "aws" {
      profile    = "default"
      region     = "us-east-1"
    }
    
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ami           = "ami-b374d5a5"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
    }
    

## Assigning an Elastic IP

We'll improve our configuration by assigning an elastic IP to the EC2 instance
we're managing. Modify your `example.tf` and add the following to the end of
the file.

    resource "aws_eip" "ip" {
        vpc = true
        instance = aws_instance.example.id
    }
    

This should look familiar from the earlier example of adding an EC2 instance
resource, except this time we're building an "aws\_eip" resource type. This
resource type allocates and associates an [elastic
IP](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/elastic-ip-addresses-eip.html)
to an EC2 instance.

The only parameter for
[aws\_eip](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/r/eip.html) is
"instance" which is the EC2 instance to assign the IP to. For this value, we
use an interpolation to use an attribute from the EC2 instance we managed
earlier.

The syntax for this interpolation should be straightforward: it requests the
"id" attribute from the "aws\_instance.example" resource.

## Apply Changes

Run `terraform apply` to see how Terraform plans to apply this change. The
output will look similar to the following:

    $ terraform apply
    # ...
    
      # aws_eip.ip will be created
      + resource "aws_eip" "ip" {
          + allocation_id     = (known after apply)
          + association_id    = (known after apply)
          + domain            = (known after apply)
          + id                = (known after apply)
          + instance          = (known after apply)
          + network_interface = (known after apply)
          + private_dns       = (known after apply)
          + private_ip        = (known after apply)
          + public_dns        = (known after apply)
          + public_ip         = (known after apply)
          + public_ipv4_pool  = (known after apply)
          + vpc               = (known after apply)
        }
    
      # aws_instance.example will be created
      + resource "aws_instance" "example" {
          + ami                          = "ami-b374d5a5"
    # ...
    

Terraform will create two resources: the instance and the elastic IP. In the
"instance" value for the "aws\_eip", you can see the raw interpolation is still
present. This is because this variable won't be known until the "aws\_instance"
is created. It will be replaced at apply-time.

As usual, Terraform prompts for confirmation before making any changes. Answer
`yes` to apply. The continued output will look similar to the following:

    # ...
    aws_instance.example: Creating...
    aws_instance.example: Creation complete after 36s [id=i-0214dc13c9f74e01b]
    aws_eip.ip: Creating...
    aws_eip.ip: Creation complete after 2s [id=eipalloc-007abcd5e15792497]
    
    Apply complete! Resources: 2 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
    
As shown above, Terraform created the EC2 instance before creating the Elastic
IP address. Due to the interpolation expression that passes the ID of the EC2
instance to the Elastic IP address, Terraform is able to infer a dependency,
and knows it must create the instance first.

## Implicit and Explicit Dependencies

By studying the resource attributes used in interpolation expressions,
Terraform can automatically infer when one resource depends on another. In the
example above, the reference to `aws_instance.example.id` creates an _implicit
dependency_ on the `aws_instance` named `example`.

Terraform uses this dependency information to determine the correct order in
which to create the different resources. In the example above, Terraform knows
that the `aws_instance` must be created before the `aws_eip`.

Implicit dependencies via interpolation expressions are the primary way to
inform Terraform about these relationships, and should be used whenever
possible.

Sometimes there are dependencies between resources that are _not_ visible to
Terraform. The `depends_on` argument is accepted by any resource and accepts a
list of resources to create _explicit dependencies_ for.

For example, perhaps an application we will run on our EC2 instance expects to
use a specific Amazon S3 bucket, but that dependency is configured inside the
application code and thus not visible to Terraform. In that case, we can use
`depends_on` to explicitly declare the dependency:

    resource "aws_s3_bucket" "example" {
      bucket = "terraform-getting-started-guide"
      acl    = "private"
    }
    
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ami           = "ami-2757f631"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
      
      depends_on = [aws_s3_bucket.example]
    }
    

## Non-Dependent Resources

We can continue to build this configuration by adding another EC2 instance:

    resource "aws_instance" "another" {
      ami           = "ami-b374d5a5"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
    }

Because this new instance does not depend on any other resource, it can be
created in parallel with the other resources. Where possible, Terraform will
perform operations concurrently to reduce the total time taken to apply
changes.

Before moving on, remove this new resource from your configuration and run
`terraform apply` again to destroy it. We won't use this second instance any
further in the getting started guide.> Initialize instances when they're
created with provisioners.
